at the las vegas consumer electronic show
toshiba presents its chromebook
version of chromebook for toshiba in a
13 inch display and 3 then the
choice went on this type of
display only on the 13 inch display
three standard resolutions
very linear pc then we see the
characterization with the logo with the
chrome logo but finish chrome os
in plastic in this aluminum finish
metallic aluminum we see typical
of operating system chrome os a
menu icon system where you can
start browsing with everything
there is pre installed which we recognize
the classic sounds of the world of the world
google as low as that of the dacron
browser and from and to gmail plus all
google docs google icons that
allow the use of the classics
word processing programs or sheets of
I work because we are here we are used to
the menu here and then fans and
customizable with icons that can
be blocked on the bar
navigation while on this side
then we have the first settings both those
the basic ones that give us the classic
the classic user that the possibility of
making signs marks the management out
of the bluetooth then over with the
general wireless connectivity also
the one that bluetooth that of
boxes and then the settings that bring us
instead on the page of chrome os that there
they then lead to a little more
detailed settings here for example
if we want to see that one of the
screen we see that the resolution
the classic standard 1300 66 xx 768
there is still more advanced part then for i
various settings that are still very much
very user friendly disk also type
of product that is meant for a
I use mainly web and above all
therefore navigation and use of
resources and network resources use
network resources thanks to the processor
new generation intel celeron
so 16GB flash disk memory
with the ability to download
however, save all the data on the PC
more important and then chromebook takes place
already given with the google drive license
with 100 gb of cloud space then with the
possibility to save and to have in
cloud
all our data the main data
on toshiba chromebooks we notice one
slightly different keyboard in the
layout from that typical of the world
windows to which we are accustomed indeed
we notice above in the first row of
keys the lack of classic keys
functions that in this case are
been replaced by new function keys
very simple and intuitive with for
settings of the user and in addition the
power on power on button that comes
inserted just like a physical key
standard size keyboard thanks
to the 13 inch format and then three keys
island keyboard and size keys
normal
the touchpad in this case is centered
as from the classic toshiba in standard
middle of the keyboard allows me it
complete scrolling on one side from a
at the other end of the cursor a quick one
overview instead of doors
we see on the right side an HDMI port e
two usb ports
in this case both used and in
plus the headphone jack and the microphone
on the left side instead we note further
the slot for the cable the cable kensington
and the slot for the power supply for
the power supply and the classic the
classic card reader for 16
obviously on the screen we have webcams
and microphone while at the bottom
we ask that the format chosen by
toshiba is unibody therefore with battery
not directly accessible from
by the user and with the two speakers
stereo positioned here so you can
exploit when the case is placed
of resonance and have a more or more sound
complete and and more powerful for per
the user in use
available in the united states already from
January 2014 at a price of $ 279 is
available in europe starting from
February 2014
the price is not yet defined though
as from classic classic story
which we have usually seen
the indication is provided by dal
united states price for italy in
this moment Italy will not be among the
prime country in europe where it comes from
launched the product but we expect to
have news to communicate to our partners
our users in the short and in the short
period